model/UserModel.java
 model.UserModel
model/BaseModel.java
 model.BaseModel
model/ApiPath.java
 model.ApiPath
model/AreaModel.java
 model.AreaModel
Utility.java
 Utility
model/CustomerModel.java
 model.CustomerModel
model/BaseModelList.java
 model.BaseModelList
controller/BaseController.java
 controller.BaseController
model/PathType.java
 model.PathType
model/CollectorAreaMapping.java
 model.CollectorAreaMapping
model/CollectorModel.java
 model.CollectorModel
repo/CustomerRepository.java
 repo.CustomerRepository
Entry.java
 Entry
services/CustomerService.java
 services.CustomerService
repo/BaseRepository.java
 repo.BaseRepository
controller/UserController.java
 controller.UserController
repo/UserRepository.java
 repo.UserRepository
services/CollectorAreaMappingService.java
 services.CollectorAreaMappingService
repo/CollectorRepository.java
 repo.CollectorRepository
repo/AreaModelRepository.java
 repo.AreaModelRepository
services/CollectorService.java
 services.CollectorService
services/BaseService.java
 services.BaseService
services/UserService.java
 services.UserService
controller/AreaModelController.java
 controller.AreaModelController
controller/CollectorController.java
 controller.CollectorController
controller/CustomerController.java
 controller.CustomerController
controller/CollectorAreaMappingController.java
 controller.CollectorAreaMappingController
repo/CollectorAreaMappingRepository.java
 repo.CollectorAreaMappingRepository
services/AreaModelService.java
 services.AreaModelService
controller/CollectionController.java
 controller.CollectionController
model/CollectionModel.java
 model.CollectionModel
services/CollectionService.java
 services.CollectionService
repo/CollectionRepository.java
 repo.CollectionRepository
